hi steve from boulder colorado going to
talk to you about 2008 quota caliber
caliber is a try specific race proven
frame as built for one thing speed the
caliber features a full monocoque carbon
fiber frame weighing in at just 2.4
pounds the fork is full carbon fiber
with aero blades the frame features
steeper see tube angle of 76 degrees
keeping the riders weight forward and
over the pedals the aerodynamic tubing
and internal cable housing authority
know that this bike is all about speed
the cockpit of the caliper featured
shimano dura-ace 10 speed shifters at
the end of the profile t2 arrow
extensions these allow the rider to
maintain a forward riding position for
extended periods of time comfortably
while maintaining all control over the
shifting of the bike on profile wings we
find tektro arrow brake levers the
extensions and rest pads are adjustable
for comfort as well as the stem which
can be inverted for a more comfortable
riding position finally headset spacers
are included to adjust the height of the
stem drivetrain features shimano r550
cranks with a 5339 tooth count the front
derailleur is shimano ultegra SL 6600
and the rear derailleur is shimano
ultegra SL 6600 as well the cassette is
shimano 105 the 1225 tooth count the
wheels are shimano are 500 with Aero
bladed spokes and aluminum braking
surface for control even in wet
conditions finally the brakes are tektro
quota brakes with replaceable brake pads
for long life finally we have the full
carbon fiber aerodynamic quota seat post
and the specially designed for quotas
san marco saddle which is lightly padded
and designed to keep the rider
comfortable for those long rides with
the Ironman World Championships under
its belt and at a price that's difficult
to be the quota caliber sets the
standard and reliability
a dynamics and speed